such an asshole no it's fine so you to
do it turns out guy what another look
like they're looking for it what the
bird is so long anyway the kid out of
draw and now they're know what we look
like are you kidding me how are you
gonna burn that loud no bird can be that
loud oh Jesus all right you were safe
wow thanks yeah well I mean that was
like we did was right way too over the
top okay sure sure you shot me you shot
me you have got to be kidding me I'm a
songbird I make days brighter and you
shoot me oh god this hurts oh man I'm
bleeding everywhere I'm bleeding
everywhere right now uh oh no you don't
know you don't don't you look away from
me look at what you've done honor me and
watch me bleed out honor me and watch a
beautiful song bird died this is what
you wanted isn't it I mean this is it
this is what you wanted oh yeah I bet
you're sorry but you can't say you are
you sorry see you can see there say it
great you know what now that you're
sorry never mind cuz you know it's not
like I forced that out of your anything
we're cool have a nice life my name is
here but as long as you're sorry that
makes what you did okay so anyway I just
look away you got what you wanted
really you're actually going to look
away I can't who are you people I hope
my ancestors shit all over your
shoulders and cars for generations to
come I mean seriously like gigantic
shits everywhere oh god man who shoots
someone for singing songs to the son who
does that you do I guess you do yeah
that's you people oh man it's fading
everything's fading right now I want to
sing one last song but I've lost too
much blood I don't have the energy and
I'm sure you shoot me again so Oh God
dear lord please forgive my killers they
know not what they did I love them no
matter what oh god this is it here we go
here we go I'm going towards the light
now I'm going I can't fly because you
shot my wing I'm gonna kind of hobble oh
okay jack